#Day 6
  Initially we start again our day with some questions based on the CPU 
a built-in tool that allows administrators to view information about users that are currently logged in such as System Uptime, number of Users, JCPU, IDLE, PCPU etc
the advance command of 'w' is loginctl which will rovide you more options and better interface
later we disccused about the background process while the OS is starting, 
so there are several steps include with them 
1. starting with BIOS 
2. GRUB - who update the MBR(master Boot Recorder) 
3. The kernel : the heart of OS
4. initrd/ systemd : which is the first process to start the all other process same as we kicked to a bike for starting 
5. Mounting the root file system 
6. GRUB in the action : master of Multiple Boot
and the all process is known as the BOOTING PROCESS!

you can t use the direct the partition without mount them
later we clear our concept of GRUB, Kernel and systemd/initrd files process, how they are working

next half day we start 
later we start with the resume building and improve the sentances 
discussed the do's and don't 
and Resume structure, not to bee so highlighted use standard clour (grey, black and white) then objective, acheivement , projects and the education etc 
Then after that again we start our technical part and discussed first the basic network connectivity of our devices later we go deep into topic 
and learn about the SDN (Software define networking) how its working, parellaly we check the networks in docker,
while checking our docker netwrorks we get the 3 default network drivers which are bridge, host and none
The Bridge driver Docker default networking mode which will enable the connectivity to the other interfaces of the host machine as well as among containers
The none This mode will not configure any IP for the container and doesn’t have any access to the external network as well as for other containers. It does have the loopback address and can be used for running batch jobs.
The host container will share the host’s network stack and all interfaces from the host will be available to the container
later we revise the concept of OSI model, than we stablish the SNAT connection with the public and private ip address divices.

